Plenti

Privacy Policy

Thanks for your interest in Plenti (“us” or “we”) and our Service, as described in the Plenti Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”).

This Privacy Policy describes the information that we gather from you, how we use and disclose your information, and the steps we take to protect your information on our web site Plenti.io and Plenti mobile app. By using the Service, you consent to the privacy practices described in this policy.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Use. Capitalized terms that are not defined in the Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Use.

The information that we collect: The information we collect from you can be divided into the following general categories.

1.1 User-provided Information. When you use the Service, you may provide and we may collect what is generally called “personally identifiable” information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, mobile phone number, and demographic information. For example, you may provide us with personally identifiable information when you register for an account, use the Service, post User Content, interact with other users of the Service through communication or messaging features, or send us customer service related requests.

1.2 Cookies and Tracking Technologies. Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts may be used by Plenti and our partners [specify type e.g. marketing partners], affiliates, or analytics or service providers  [specify type e.g. online customer support provider, etc]. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.

We use cookies  for [our shopping cart, to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), for authentication]. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser Plenti If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.

1.3 Financial Institution Aggregation. In order for you to benefit from the full functionality of our Services, our Services may require access to your financial institution (“FI”) account data, including transaction history, balances, and account information. We use a third party service provider to facilitate the collection of your FI account data from your FIs, including, but not limited to, accessing your FI account data, including financial transaction data, balances, and activity, and retrieving your FI account data from such third party financial institutions. We do not store your account login information.

1.4 Log files. As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.

[We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.  Or We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this [to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.]

1.5 Local Storage (HTML5). Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LS such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LS.

1.6 Information from Other Sources. We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners or advertisers. We may also, at your direction, receive information from third party services that provide a mechanism to share information you have provided to such third party through the use of an application program interface (API), such as Facebook Connect or the Twitter API. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

1.7 Behavioral Advertising. We may partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads.  You will continue to receive generic ads.

1.8 Mobile Device Information: When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or "UDID"). We do not ask for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or Services.

We may use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app.

We limit the uses the information we collect. Your information is an integral part of our operations, and we use it in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business. Our primary uses of the data you submit to us are responding to requests that you make and aiding in serving you better. We may use your Personal Data in the following ways:

to operate, maintain, enhance and provide you with the Services;

to personalize and better tailor the features, performance and support of the Services for your use;

to send you administrative notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;

to respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests;

to send you promotional/marketing information, newsletters, surveys, offers or other information;

to provide you with opportunities and functionality that we think would be of particular interest to you;

to improve the quality of the Site and the Services;

to analyze, benchmark and conduct research on user data and user interactions with the Services; or

to address intellectual property infringement, right of privacy violations or defamation issues related to your User Content posted on the Service or to send you promotional messages related to the Service and the activities of third parties we work with.

Generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving any promotional communications from us or third parties, either through links provided in the messages or by updating your account preferences through the Service. If you opt-in to receive special offers from us and third parties we may use your Financial Account History and Financial Information to target advertising to you. You may opt-out of receiving these marketing messages from us and from third parties at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in your email. To opt out of push notifications, please change settings at the device Plenti or go to the app settings page.

How we disclose your information. We will share your personally identifiable information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties.

We may disclose your personally identifiable information and other information we collect in some circumstances in connection with providing the Service and the operation of our business. For example:

3.1 Any information, including personally identifiable information, that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Service, such as a public profile page, will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users. You can control what personally identifiable information that you choose to be publicly accessible by adjusting your account settings.

3.2 We work with third party service providers to provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. To the extent it is necessary for these third party service providers to complete their contractual obligations to us, these third parties may have access to or process your personally identifiable information. Generally, these disclosures are made under terms comparable to this policy, and the recipients are limited to using the information the purpose for which it was provided. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

3.3 We make certain automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties, to: (i) comply with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service.

3.4 With your explicit permission, we may make your personally identifiable information available to third parties: (i) for business or marketing purposes; or (ii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service. You can opt out from having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties in this manner by contacting us at privacy@plenti.io.

3.5 We may also disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity.

3.6 We also reserve the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; to protect Plenti and others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Service; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Plenti, our users, or others.

3.7 In the event that all or a portion of Plenti or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users in connection with such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.

You can control your information. You may, of course, decline to share certain personally identifiable information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Service. You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by accessing your account preferences page through the Service. Please note that while your changes are reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

Third Party Services. The Service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any personally identifiable information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with personally identifiable information.

Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button [and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site]. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [email]. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Alternatively, if you used a third party application to post such information, you can remove it, by either logging into the said application and removing the information or by contacting the appropriate third party application.

Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy. Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do not allow children under 13 years of age to use the Service or knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that personally identifiable information has been collected on the Service from persons under 13 years of age then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 13 years of age has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert us at privacy@plenti.io and request that we delete that child’s personally identifiable information from our systems.

Our Commitment to Data Security. We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your personally identifiable information. We have a data security policy in place that we regularly test. Our security policy utilizes bank-Plenti encryption and other security measures, such as SSL, to protect sensitive information from hackers and unauthorized parties. If you choose to allow us to store your personal information (such as financial information (account data, including transaction history, balances, and account information)), we will implement reasonable security measures according to our security policy. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

If we learn of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach you should notify us at privacy@plenti.io.

Privacy Settings. Although we may allow you to adjust your privacy settings to limit access to your information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that information you post on the Service will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of information that you have posted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored such information.

International Visitors. The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing, and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Service you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing.

Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy. Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy, which may be revised periodically at our sole discretion, as provided in Section 11 of the Terms of Use. If we modify the Privacy Policy, we will make it available through the Service and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change prior to the change becoming effective. For example, we may send a message to your e-mail address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time after such material changes are made. Our amended Privacy Policy will automatically take effect after it is made available through the Service. If you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account and stop using the Service. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Privacy Policy.

Our Contact Information. Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personally identifiable information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by e-mail at privacy@plenti.io.

Plenti
(ADDRESS)